---
title: "Insect Biology and Diversity (ENT3010/3011)"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/2019-2020-ENT3010-3011
venue: "Clemson University, Plant and Environmental Sciences Department"
date: 2020-12-08
location: "Clemson, SC, USA"
---

Curriculum
======
> Outcomes: An overview of entomology in theory and practice will be provided. Students will be introduced to how entomology impacts our present society. Participants will gain practical knowledge and skills about how to collect, preserve, and identify insects.
*Excerpt from class syllabus* 
---

My Contributions
======
---

Feedback
======
> "Jenna provided help and advice for nearly all class endeavors and they were improved because of it. Her class presence was miraculous. Her lecture style was professional and fun. She had no trouble dealing with questions... **Jenna developed a rapport with students and practically lived in the laboratory so they could work on their insect collections through the day, after hours, and on the weekends...**"

> "During my time at Clemson, one of my favorite classes has been Insect Biology and Diversity (ENT 3010). This was due in no small part to Jenna's abilities as a graduate teacher. As soon as I had stepped into this class, I was amazed at the variety, importance, and beauty of insects... **She went above and beyond what is required or expected of a TA. She is passionate, and kind, and intelligent. She was dedicated to the course, but more importantly she was dedicated to the students.** She wanted us to succeed, but she also wanted us to work. She pushed us to become better beginner entomologists...”

[Excerpts from nominations for the Outstanding graduate student teaching assistant award. Clemson College of Agriculture, Forestry, and Life Sciences](https://www.clemson.edu/cafls/awards/2020/ "2020 CAFLS Awards")  
---